                                    what if your iPhone break down?
It must be very upset when your iPhone break down by water or falling to the ground. And what can we do if this 
happens to us?

First you need to make sure the data integrity of your iPhone.

Connect to computer at the first time, and switch on iTunes, you will be so lucky if your iPhone can be recognized 
by iTunes, thus you should make a iTunes backup immediately. If you have already a habit of making backups through 
iTunes and iCloud , you have no need to worry about your iPhone data. If you want to transmit these data and back 
them to your computer, you can download a third-part tool and transmit out your important data like phone numbers, 
your messages, photos and videos.

Next , if your iPhone is still within the period of guaranteeing to repair, you can go directly to the Apple store 
for a new iPhone. And what should be noticed when you ask change for another iPhone?

1.If you doubt that there are something wrong with the hardware of your iPhone, KEEP IN MIND that do not detach and 
repair it by yourselves, instead , you should go directly to the Apple direct-selling store with your iPhone and and 
ask for after-sale service. And according to the experiences from some net civil, make a call to 400 can help nothing. 
What need to be kept in mind is that the iPhone bought from the third-part seller can also enjoy after-sale services 
from the Apple direct-sale store. But you should take repair-guarantee card with you, instead of commercial voucher. 
And some net civil express that no accessories are in need during the procedure of changing your iPhone, no matter in 
what ways you buy your iPhone.

2.Not all Apple-authored sellers are the ones that also repair iPhone in the name of Apple company, and you should only 
take the information from websites of the Apple authority as the criterion. This can be very important , before you hand 
your iPhone to the repairman, please make sure this repair store have been authorized by Apple company.

3.In general , in cases that there are no serious exterior damage with your iPhone , and no water having been in your iPhone, 
no self-detach, you can change your iPhone on the spot (on condition that there are still some iPhone storage)once your iPhone 
is examined by after-sale repairing workers and found there is something wrong with the hardware of your iPhone.

However, if your iPhone cannot be testified as hardware problems, for example, your iPhone cannot be switched on even if forced 
to be rooted(this related problem met by net civil is finger print module breaking down causes trouble report when upgrading system ), 
you need send it back to the factory for detection and repairing, which generally takes a week or so to finish and make out testing 
report. And then you can decide if device change is in need.

4.During the period of your machine backing to factory for testing and repairing, after-sale servers will often provide you for free 
a machine for reserving. And we can choose accept or not according to our own needs. Once you choose to accept the reserving machine, 
keep in mind that do not damage it, or you will pay compensation.

5. According to what said by net civil, after changing our iPhone successfully, we have no need to worry about that if the after-sale 
workers will change our device with a renovated iPhone, because our machine will be totally a new one. And what have been changed is 
just the model number of iPhone, and this civil express that the machine number changed from MG492/ch to NG492/ch.
 
However, if your iPhone is already over the period of guarantee to repair, the only choice for you is to find a probable repairing store.