                           iCloud: fault diagnosis & restoration problems of iCloud backups

You might have been caught in those problems related to iCloud backups. The following listed out all warning information you 
may meet when restoring data from iCloud to new devices. So please reading this article if you can¡¯t establish iCloud backups.

Affected products: iCloud 

Solution

Concrete warning information of fault diagnosis

Note: you¡¯d better save a screen shot if you can¡¯t remember all warned information . Press main screen button and locking button 
at the same time can save a screen shot, which will be stored in your file named camera films or photos. 

Restoring warning information

States/solution

¡°wi-fi is in need to download your application programs and media.¡±
iCloud backups needs connection to wifi thus restoring backups from Cloud space. This warning information means restoring failure, and 
connection to iCloud.com has broken down. You should use more reliable net-connection and try again to restore backups. And make sure your 
iOS devices successfully connected to internet through wifi.

¡°cannot restore your iPhone data, since your device no more connected to internet ¡±
When downloading files during restoration, your connection to internet brake up, please use more reliable net-connection and make sure your 
device successfully connected to internet through wifi.

¡°this iPhone is under restoration now, and auto-backup will be conducted after back-up finishes ¡±
This information means that backup cannot be performed during background recovering. And you are supposed to try backing up after finishing 
recovering.

¡°Recovering unfinished - cannot download some programs from Store. And if these programs are in your computer ,you can choose iTunes for 
recovering.¡±
Some data (for example, some programs deleted from Stores for the sack of laws)failed to recovering. Please wait for a few minutes and try 
restoring again after having connected to reliable wifi net. And if these unrecovered data also exists within your iTunes data storage, you 
can solve this problem by synchronizing it back to iPhone with data cable.

¡°Cannot recover some projects from iCloud backups.¡±
Part of the data (such as the photos of ¡°camera film¡± ,videos and application data) haven¡¯t been recovered successfully from backups. 
Please wait for few minutes, and then try again after being connected to reliable WiFi network.

¡°Download other paid programs ? There are still some paid applications and media having not been downloaded, and do you want to down load 
these paid programs, or delete them with application data ? ¡±

¡°Backup-restoring¡± seems to have been canceled by the iCloud user who launches it, if not in this case and you have not canceled the 
restoring , please restart again to recover it.

¡° If recover this iPhone from your iPad backups, its settings and some programs dedicated for iPad will not be recovered.¡±
This case may appear when restoring iPhone or iPod from your iPad backups, and only paid programs (including those data of it)can be 
recovered.

¡°Restoring iPad from your iPhone , its settings information will not be recovered.¡±
This case may happen when restoring iPad from your iPhone backups , and only paid programs (including those data of it)can be recovered.

¡°iCloud backups cannot access the account ¡°benv@me.com¡±. Please recheck your account information in settings.¡±
iCloud cannot identify the iCloud account key you input when setting your iCloud ¡°settings¡±(here take the ¡°benv@me.com ¡± as an example). 
This is often the case when you reset your iCloud password without resetting the password as well through the iCloud settings in your iOS 
devices. And this also may happen when you fail to identify your account for other reasons like cannot connect to iCloud server.

¡°Cannot recover your iPhone since there are other device under recovering. Please try again later.¡±
If you try to recover your devices from other backups within other devices, but the original device is under recovering, this warning will 
appear. To solve this problem , you are supposed to waiting for the original device finishing its backup , or cancel the backup operation of 
the original devices and try recover again later on other devices.

¡°You are supposed by iCloud to identify the password. ¡±
Only by inputting password can you restore or add to the present cryptographic backups. And this can be solved by putting in your password.

¡°No data that have not been downloaded will be recovered or in backup in the future.¡±
This information will be shown when canceling a certain background recovering. If operating continually, you need to recover again to store 
all data within devices. Or download again music, application programs, and other data. The best way to avoid this problem is not canceling 
background recovering. If it is indeed necessary for you to cancel certain recovering, please make sure you have backed up this unrecovered 
data.

¡°No access to available backups.¡±
The account logging in the iCloud ¡°settings¡± haven¡¯t operated online-backups. This maybe the case if you don¡¯t back up your data or 
possess more than one account while using the incorrect one in your iCloud. And you should click ¡°settings¡±--identify your iCloud account, 
and then try again.

¡°Cannot restore your iPhone, for the lack of sever failure.¡±
This may be the case when server break down and causes the recovering failure. And this kind of warning is very infrequent for the severs 
time-over. And wait for a few minutes to try again, recovering might be launched. If problem still exists, please contact iCloud and ask for 
help.

¡°There is something wrong when loading in ¡®iCloud backups¡¯. Please try again,and this device as a new iPhone , or recover the backups 
from your iTunes.¡±
Check-up on the state of your account backups have been unfinished, Which may be caused by net failure or some other reasons.  When facing 
with this, the simplest way is waiting for a few minutes, and testing if the internet is accessible, then try to recover again. If still 
caught by this trouble, please make sure your iOS devices have connected successfully to the Internet by WiFi.

¡°Can not recover your iPhone , since there is something wrong with your backup data. Please choose other resources to back up.¡±
Your backups seem not be able to use. If facing with this warning, please wait for a few minutes and try again. If still in this problem, 
you can contact iCloud support for help.

Common failure diagnosis
If the recovering has finished, however some information seems have been lost, please operate like the following:
Make sure the WiFi-connection during recovering is effective and reliable.
Clarify if the data you want to search have been backed up to iCloud as a part of the backup function. And you can learn more about the 
iCloud according to this article.
And once the recovering finished, some other operations may need to restore totally the data you have backed up:
Input again the password of some application programs(such as iTunes Store, Game Center and some other third part application programs).
Use iTunes music matching(only in America),and download songs, specials, or playing list to your devices.
And if your iCloud backups still continues to restoring, you¡¯d better have it finish what already started. However , if you still face 
with warnings that cannot be solved, you can restart the device.
If these problems listed out above still exist, please contact iCloud for more help.