                                  Can¡¯t restore from iCloud backup on iOS 9
With the memory upgrade of iPhone, so much data has been put into iPhone, and iCloud backup has been more and more 
important for us. However, there might be one day when you buy a new iPhone to home, and are ready for restoring backups 
from iCloud , then you get connected to the net, and find all your backups , however , it reminds you that ¡°Cannot 
Restore Backup ¡± a few minutes later and still makes no difference despite that you have tried for a few times. It may 
upset you , yes?

Maybe you have not been caught in this trouble , but if you want to learn more about it , there are so many occasions of 
failing to restore backups followed by reminding information. And now I suggest you pieces of method to solve these 
problems.
Before started to learn how solving this problem , you are firstly supposed to understand how successfully establish a 
iCloud backup.

Auto-backup with your iCloud phone is on condition that:
1.iPhone energy is over 50% , or you are suggested to linked in charge, in case of power insufficiency. 
2.Your phone has connected to wireless wifi , and I do not suggest using cellular mobile network , which can consume too 
much mobile flow.

Achieve manual Cloud backups:
1.Go into settings¡ª¡ªiCloud¡ª¡ªstorage and backup¡ª¡ªbackup immediately.

Next , we solve those problems that can¡¯t restore iCloud backups:
1.check up your iCloud backups
iCloud generally maintain 3 backups of different time for each iOS devices. If it says restore failure when you choose 
one of the backups for restoring , maybe your data of this backup has been damaged for the net problems or other reasons. However ,this failure doesn¡¯t affect other two backups , which you also choose for your restoring .
2.Check up your router and wifi
When starting restoring iCloud backups , it may take just a few minutes or dozens of minutes ,which depends on the data 
amount of your iCloud backups. Please guarantee your net works normally£¬and do not ignore this , especially when there 
are something disturbing your route , such as a cute pet cat or dog.
3.Check up your iPhone remaining storage
If you have used a high speed router for data-restore , and have tried 3 backups of different time , all of which end up 
in failure , maybe you are supposed to check up the remaining storage of your iPhone. If your memory space is nearly 
used up , while your data backups cover a heavy space , maybe it is your iPhone space failing to accommodate your data 
for restoring. And thus you need to clean up your iPhone space , and make the remaining storage space enough to hold on 
to your iCloud backups.

use third-party tools for help
If you have all listed above tried and made no difference , you need to download some professional tools to check up 
your backups. And iCloud extractor is just a good tool for iCloud restoring , which can download all your iCloud backups 
and then extract your iCloud photos , videos , contact , message , note and so on.  




 

