                 iPhone Smart Battery Case
For heavy users of iPhone, it will never be enough no matter how much of endurance is the iPhone battery.this is why accessories related to external power source sell more and more better. It is obvious that Apple Co.wants to share a part of this market,thus proving the iPhone heavy users better accessories of external power source. A style of battery holder named of iPhone Smart Battery Case by Apple company has been put into market.

At present this iPhone Smart Battery Case is dedicated for iPhone 6 and iPhone 6s, however there is no version of iPhone 6s Plus, after all the battery's endurance of iPhone 6s Plus is in no need of the extra weight of battery holder. matched with this iPhone Smart Battery Case, iPhone 6s and iPhone 6 have a endurance as powerful as iPhone 6s Plus.

High-quality protective containment
iPhone Smart Battery itself can act as a protective cover, Superfine fiber soft is used within its lining, which is the same color scheme with iPhone cover. It can also help clean the back of devices when putting into your phone. Apple company designed a acoustic port at the end of battery cloth to solve the problem that the loudspeaker is sealed by battery cloth. And this acoustic port can optimize and convey voice frequency, thus guarantee the voice quality of iPhone after covered by battery cloth.

Modify the shortages of the same kind products
People who have used battery cloth know that battery cloth can be divided into two different parts in general, ie the protective sleeve and battery sleeve, which make it tedious for putting in and taking out a phone. However , iPhone Smart Battery by Apple company is easily for phone input since it has applied the piece-like structure, of which the edges is soft and elastic.

Another problem found in the same kind products is that the battery cloth will affect cellular networks’ semaphore. However , iPhone Smart Battery adds passive coupling antenna inside the cloth and guarantee the semaphore.

What’s more ingenious, iPhone Smart Battery can be charged directly when put in iPhone, which means that you can charge the iPhone and Smart Battery Case at the same time only with a data cable and an adapter.


Intelligent battery protective cloth
Since the fact that this product is named as Smart Battery Case, it is sure that the product has a technology of intelligence. Firstly ,by pulling down the notification center you can find how much energy left within your iPhone and Smart Battery Case, and then, when Smart Battery is getting charged, you can check the remaining energy of iPhone and Smart Battery Case at the state of locked screen. And next but not least, when linked with data cable for energy-charging, you can get the charging state according to indicator light, amber demonstrates charged in, and green means charge finished. Once finished charging , indicator amber may shut off in moments later.

Endurance and cost 
According to introductions by Apple, iPhone equipped with Smart Battery Case can serve as long as 25 hours of communication time, or 20 hours of displaying time of HD video, or 18 hours net-surfing time of 4G LTE net.

Smart Battery Case from now on has been on sale in retail stores, on-line stores and authorized dealer, at the price of RMB 848.